README.md, before:

# vanillaplus
modpack that aims to extend the vanilla gameplay without adding too much content

## Download
[Download 1.0](https://github.com/iMontouch/vanillaplus/raw/master/versions/vanillaplus_1.0.zip)

## Mod List
### Game changing
[Long Reach](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/jamesaguilar/long-reach) - *You can reach anything you can see. You can build anywhere you can see.*

[Larger Inventory](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Rseding91/Larger%20Inventory) - *This is a very tiny mod that doubles the size of the player's inventory.*

[FARL](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/FARL) - *Fully Automated Rail Layer*

[The Fat Controller](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/TheFatController) - *A conductor of trains.*

[Air Filtering](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Schorty/air-filtering) - *Adding machines to reduce pollution*

[Rail Tanker](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/RailTanker) - *Adds an rail tanker (rail tank car) for transporting liquids.*

[GDIW](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/DaCyclops/GDIW) - *Allows switching liquid recipie inputs and outputs.*

[Tree Collision](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/skomick/tree_collision) - *Makes tree collision box very small*

[Orbital Ion Cannon](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Supercheese/Orbital%20Ion%20Cannon) - *When you need to call down the thunder to deal with those pesky biters, launch a rocket with an ion cannon into orbit and show the bugs who's boss.*

[Squak Through](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Supercheese/Squeak%20Through) - *Allows you to walk between what used to be obstacles such as directly adjacent solar panels, pipes, steam engines, mining drills, and chests.*

[Upgrade Planner](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Klonan/upgrade-planner) - *Automatically upgrade buildings by hand or with construction robots.*

[Autofill](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Nexela/autofill) - *Autofill inserts items (ammo,fuel,etc) inside entities when placing them in the world.*

[Flow Control](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/GotLag/Flow%20Control) - *Adds pipes with restricted connections, non-return valve, and basic and improved pumps.*

[AutoDeconstruct](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/mindmix/AutoDeconstruct) - *This mod marks drills that have no more resources to mine for deconstruction.*

[OmniBarrels](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/GotLag/Omnibarrels) - *Adds barrels for all fluids, modded or base.*

[Big Brother](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Afforess/Big_Brother) - *Research radar upgrades in amplification, efficiency, and surveillance capabilities. Create the ultimate surveillance state.*

[Chainsaw](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/devilwarriors/Chainsaw) - *The chainsaw is a mining tool specialize in cutting tree that aim to fill that void before you get flamethrower or the construction bots, or for people who want to get to keep the wood but find the axe to be a pain.*

[Longer Underground Belts](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/mattj256/Longer_Underground_Belts) - *Underground belts cover a larger distance.*

### World Generation changing

[Resource Spawn Overhaul](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/orzelek/rso-mod) - *Overhauls resource spawning system.*

[unDecorator](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/orzelek/undecorator) - *Removes terrain decorations to reduce save file size.*

### User Interface changing

[Bottleneck](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/trold/Bottleneck) - *A tool for locating input starved machines.*

[EvoGUI](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Narc/EvoGUI) - *Places some indicators on your UI for various little statistics that are nice to have.*

[YARM](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Narc/YARM) - *This mod helps you to keep track of your mining sites.*

[Better Icons](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Meppi/BetterIcons) - *Replaces most of the placeholder and outdated icons*

[Enhanced Map Colors](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/osldgoth/Enhanced_Map_Colors) - *Adds color to items on map/minimap for contrast. Aids map readability.*

### Utilitys

[Blueprint String](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/DaveMcW/blueprint-string) - *This mod makes it easy to import and share blueprints.*

[Simple Death Messages](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/NoPantsMcDance/Simple_Death_Messages) - *It points out your faults at the time you are most vulnerable.*

[SmallFixes](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/SmallFixes) - *Small non game changing/breaking fixes*

Commit message:

removed blueprint strings and replaced it with foreman, added pushbutton, nixietubes, morelight and advanced logistics system

README.md, after:

# vanillaplus
modpack that aims to extend the vanilla gameplay without adding too much content

## Download
[Download 1.0](https://github.com/iMontouch/vanillaplus/raw/master/versions/vanillaplus_1.0.zip)

## Mod List
### Game changing
[Long Reach](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/jamesaguilar/long-reach) - *You can reach anything you can see. You can build anywhere you can see.*

[Larger Inventory](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Rseding91/Larger%20Inventory) - *This is a very tiny mod that doubles the size of the player's inventory.*

[FARL](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/FARL) - *Fully Automated Rail Layer*

[The Fat Controller](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/TheFatController) - *A conductor of trains.*

[Air Filtering](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Schorty/air-filtering) - *Adding machines to reduce pollution*

[Rail Tanker](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/RailTanker) - *Adds an rail tanker (rail tank car) for transporting liquids.*

[GDIW](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/DaCyclops/GDIW) - *Allows switching liquid recipie inputs and outputs.*

[Tree Collision](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/skomick/tree_collision) - *Makes tree collision box very small*

[Orbital Ion Cannon](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Supercheese/Orbital%20Ion%20Cannon) - *When you need to call down the thunder to deal with those pesky biters, launch a rocket with an ion cannon into orbit and show the bugs who's boss.*

[Squak Through](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Supercheese/Squeak%20Through) - *Allows you to walk between what used to be obstacles such as directly adjacent solar panels, pipes, steam engines, mining drills, and chests.*

[Upgrade Planner](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Klonan/upgrade-planner) - *Automatically upgrade buildings by hand or with construction robots.*

[Autofill](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Nexela/autofill) - *Autofill inserts items (ammo,fuel,etc) inside entities when placing them in the world.*

[Flow Control](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/GotLag/Flow%20Control) - *Adds pipes with restricted connections, non-return valve, and basic and improved pumps.*

[AutoDeconstruct](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/mindmix/AutoDeconstruct) - *This mod marks drills that have no more resources to mine for deconstruction.*

[OmniBarrels](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/GotLag/Omnibarrels) - *Adds barrels for all fluids, modded or base.*

[Big Brother](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Afforess/Big_Brother) - *Research radar upgrades in amplification, efficiency, and surveillance capabilities. Create the ultimate surveillance state.*

[Chainsaw](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/devilwarriors/Chainsaw) - *The chainsaw is a mining tool specialize in cutting tree that aim to fill that void before you get flamethrower or the construction bots, or for people who want to get to keep the wood but find the axe to be a pain.*

[Longer Underground Belts](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/mattj256/Longer_Underground_Belts) - *Underground belts cover a larger distance.*

[Pushbutton](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/justarandomgeek/pushbutton) - *A Pushbutton that emits the configured signal as a pulse when pressed.*

[Nixie Tubes](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/justarandomgeek/nixie-tubes) - *Adds nixie tubes, for displaying values from a connected circuit network.*

[MoreLight](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/closteam/MoreLight) - *Gives the player more light.*

[Advanced](Logistics System https://mods.factorio.com/mods/anoutsider/advanced-logistics-system) - *Extended Logistics Network View and Monitoring*

### World Generation changing

[Resource Spawn Overhaul](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/orzelek/rso-mod) - *Overhauls resource spawning system.*

[unDecorator](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/orzelek/undecorator) - *Removes terrain decorations to reduce save file size.*

### User Interface changing

[Bottleneck](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/trold/Bottleneck) - *A tool for locating input starved machines.*

[EvoGUI](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Narc/EvoGUI) - *Places some indicators on your UI for various little statistics that are nice to have.*

[YARM](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Narc/YARM) - *This mod helps you to keep track of your mining sites.*

[Better Icons](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Meppi/BetterIcons) - *Replaces most of the placeholder and outdated icons*

[Enhanced Map Colors](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/osldgoth/Enhanced_Map_Colors) - *Adds color to items on map/minimap for contrast. Aids map readability.*

### Utilitys

[Foreman](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/Foreman) - *For managing all your blueprint needs.*

[Simple Death Messages](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/NoPantsMcDance/Simple_Death_Messages) - *It points out your faults at the time you are most vulnerable.*

[SmallFixes](https://mods.factorio.com/mods/Choumiko/SmallFixes) - *Small non game changing/breaking fixes*
